welcome to fill Lam Immigration Service
I'm William Lancaster and I want to give
anyone out there who has an upcoming k1
fiancee visa interview a taste of all
the possible questions that could be
asked while at the u.s. embassy
interview please be aware that these are
the most commonly asked questions and
depending on how well established your
proof of an ongoing relationship is and
how well the i-129f petition was put
together and submitted will have
significant bearing on what questions
will be asked as well as how many
questions would be asked last but not
least the way your fiance answers the
question shall also be an indication
whether or not the interviewing officer
will question them even further the job
of the officer is to see if they can
catch your fiance in a lie or cause them
to break down as if been being
interrogated this is why our service
provides a full u.s. embassy support to
your fiance preparing them well in
advance before the actual interview
takes place the below questions are only
possible interview questions be aware
that every case is slightly different
and questions also vary from interviewer
to interviewer
Phil Lam immigrations is experienced in
evaluating your k1 visa case and can
most likely simulate all of the casual
questions during our online support mock
interview that we conduct with all of
our clients in this video you should be
able to answer each question as quickly
as possible avoiding long pauses or
using words like hmm or maybe or I don't
know too much of this will indicate to
the interviewer that you probably don't
have a sincere or well established
relationship with the sponsor and you
would be denied a visa if you do not
have the answer to a lot of these
questions and you better talk about
these together with the sponsor a
prepared k-1 applicant should be able to
quickly answer these questions either
with yes' or no' or with the correct
answer depending on the questions good
luck and
I'll get ready
you